[ADD] appraisals: new documentation (#7344)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/hr/appraisals.rst

assessment.

To request feedback, click the :guilabel:`Ask Feedback` button at the top of the form. An email form
appears using the :guilabel:`Appraisal: Ask Feedback` email template, which sends the :guilabel:`360
Feedback` survey. Enter the employees being asked to complete the survey in the
:guilabel:`Recipients` field. Multiple employees may be selected. The email template has dynamic
placeholders to personalize the message. Add any additional text to the email if desired. If any
attachments are needed, click the :guilabel:`Attachments` button and a file explorer window appears.
Navigate to the file(s), select them, then click :guilabel:`Open`. When the email is ready to send,
click :guilabel:`Send.`

.. image:: appraisals/ask-feedback.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The email pop up when requesting feedback from other employees.

Appraisal form
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Once an appraisal is confirmed, the next steps are for the employee to fill out the self-assessment,
after which the manager completes their assessment.

.. _appraisals/employee-feedback:

Employee's feedback
*******************

> Navigate to the main :menuselection:`Appraisals application` dashboard. The only entires visible on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the main :menuselection:`Appraisals application` dashboard. The only entries visible on
```

the goal form.

To create a new tag, click the :guilabel:`New` button, and a blank line appears. Enter the name of
the tag on the line. Press the enter key to save the tag and create a new blank line. Repeat this
for all tags to be added. The list of tags is automatically arranged in alphabetical order.

Appraisals
==========

Navigate to the main appraisals dashboard by opening the *Appraisals* application. The appraisals
dashboard is the default view. To view the dashboard at any point in the application, navigate to
:menuselection:`Appraisals application --> Appraisals`.

All appraisals are displayed on the dashboard in a kanban view. A list of groupings appear on the
left side of the dashboard. Click any grouping option to present appraisals for only that selection.
The groupings that appear are :guilabel:`Company`, :guilabel:`Department`, and :guilabel:`Status`.

.. note::
   Only groupings with multiple selections appear in the list. For example, if a database only has
   one company, the :guilabel:`Companies` grouping does not appear since there is no other company
   to select.

> Each box displays the following information about the appraisal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each card displays the following information about the appraisal:
```

  profile.
- :guilabel:`Company`: select the employee's company from the drop-down menu.This field
  auto-populates after the employee is selected, if they have a company set on their employee
  profile.

.. note::
   The only required fields for the appraisal form are the employee's :guilabel:`Name`, the
   :guilabel:`Manager`, and the :guilabel:`Company`.

Once the form is complete, click the :guilabel:`Confirm` button to confirm the appraisal request.
The employee receives an email stating that an appraisal was requested, and asks to schedule an
appraisal date. The status changes to :guilabel:`Confirmed`, and the :guilabel:`Employee's Feedback`
section of the :guilabel:`Appraisal` tab is greyed out. The information in that section only appears
after the self assessment is published by the employee. The :guilabel:`Final Rating` field also
appears once the appraisal request is confirmed.

If the employee has any previous appraisals, an :guilabel:`Appraisal` smart button appears at the
top, listing the total number of appraisals there are for the employee.

Ask for feedback
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Part of an appraisal is the manager has the ability to request feedback on an employee from anyone
> in the company they want. Typically feedback is requested from coworkers and other people who

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of the appraisal process, the manager can request feedback on an employee from anyone
in the company. Feedback is usually requested from coworkers and other people who
```

interact with or work with the employee. This is to get a more well-rounded view of the employee and
aid in the managers assessment.

To request feedback, click the :guilabel:`Ask Feedback` button at the top of the form. An email form
appears using the :guilabel:`Appraisal: Ask Feedback` email template, which sends the :guilabel:`360
Feedback` survey. Enter the employees being asked to complete the survey in the
:guilabel:`Recipients` field. Multiple employees may be selected. The email template has dynamic
placeholders to personalize the message. Add any additional text to the email if desired. If any
attachments are needed, click the :guilabel:`Attachments` button and a file explorer window appears.
Navigate to the file(s), select them, then click :guilabel:`Open`. When the email is ready to send,
click :guilabel:`Send.`

.. image:: appraisals/ask-feedback.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The email pop up when requesting feedback from other employees.

Appraisal form
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Once an appraisal is confirmed, the next steps are for the employee to fill out the self-assessment,
> then the manager completes their assessment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an appraisal is confirmed, the next steps are for the employee to fill out the self-assessment,
after which the manager completes their assessment.
```

.. _appraisals/employee-feedback:

Employee's feedback
*******************

> When the appraisal in confirmed, the employee receives an email letting them know they have an
> appraisal confirmed. The employee navigates to their appraisal and fills out the
> :guilabel:`Employee's Feedback` section of the appraisal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

the dashboard are appraisals for the employee themself and anyone they manage and have to provide
manager feedback for.

Click on the appraisal to open the appraisal form. Enter responses in the :guilabel:`Employee's
Feedback` section. When completed, click the :guilabel:`Not Visible to Manager` toggle (the default
setting once an appraisal in confirmed). The toggle changes to :guilabel:`Visible to Manager`.

.. _appraisals/manager-feedback:

Managers's feedback
*******************

After the employee has completed the :guilabel:`Employee's Feedback` section, it is time for the
manager to fill out the :guilabel:`Manager's Feedback` section. The manager enters the responses in
the fields in the :ref:`same manner as the employee <appraisals/employee-feedback>`. When the
feedback section is competed, click the the :guilabel:`Not Visible to Employee` toggle (the default
setting once an appraisal in confirmed). The toggle changes to :guilabel:`Visible to Employee`.

.. image:: appraisals/feedback.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The feedback section for both employee's and managers. The toggle buttons are highlighted.

Skills tab
~~~~~~~~~~

> Part of an appraisal is going over an employee's skills, and to track their progress over time. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Part of an appraisal is evaluating an employee's skills and tracking their progress over time. The
```

:guilabel:`Skills` tab of the appraisal auto-populates with the skills from the :doc:`employee form
<../hr/employees/new_employee>` once an appraisal is confirmed.

Each skill is grouped with like skills, and the :guilabel:`Skill Level`, :guilabel:`Progress`, and
:guilabel:`Justification` are displayed for each skill. Update any skills, or add any new skills to

> the skills tab. If a skill has increased, a reason why the skill increased can be entered in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the skills tab. If a skill level has increased, a reason for the improved rating can be entered into the
```

:guilabel:`Justification` field, such as `took a fluency language test` or `received Javascript
certification`. Refer to the :ref:`Create a new employee <employees/skills>` document for detailed
instructions on adding or updating a skill.

After an appraisal is completed and the skills have been updated, the next time an appraisal is
confirmed, the updated skills populate the skills tab.

.. image:: appraisals/skills.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The skills tab of na appraisal form, all filled out.

Private note tab
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If managers want to leave notes that are only visible to other managers, enter them in the

> :guilabel:`Private Note` tab. The employee that is being evaluated does not have access to this tab;
> the tab does not appear on their appraisal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`Private Note` tab. The employee being evaluated does not have access to this tab, and
the tab does not appear on their appraisal.
```

Schedule a meeting
------------------

Once both portions of an appraisal are completed (the :ref:`employee
<appraisals/employee-feedback>` and :ref:`manager <appraisals/manager-feedback>` feedback sections)
it is time for the employee and manager to meet, to discuss the appraisal. A meeting can be
scheduled in one of two ways, either from the *Appraisals* application dashboard, or from an
individual appraisal card.

First, navigate to the main *Appraisals* application dashboard by going to
:menuselection:`Appraisals application --> Appraisals`. Click on the activity icon beneath the
appraisal date on the desired appraisal card and an activity summary pop-up appears. Click
:guilabel:`+ Schedule an activity` and a blank activity form appears. Select :guilabel:`Meeting` for
the :guilabel:`Activity Type` from the drop-down menu. The form changes so only the
:guilabel:`Activity Type` and :guilabel:`Summary` fields appear. If scheduling an activity other
than a meeting (such as a phone call or a to-do), the fields that appear on the schedule activity
form changes.

.. note::

>    The activity icon may appear as a number of different icons, depending on what (if any) scheduled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The activity icon may appear as a number of different icons, depending on what, if any, scheduled
```

   activities are in place, and their due dates. If no activities are scheduled, the icon is a gray

>    clock. For example, the icon may appear as a phone (for a phone call), a cluster of people (for a
>    meeting), a Gantt chart (for an appraisal form to be filled out), among others. The color of the
>    icon indicates the status; a green icon means an activity is scheduled in the future, a red icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   clock. For example, the icon may appear as a phone (for a phone call), a cluster of people (for a
   meeting), a Gantt chart (for an appraisal form to be filled out), among others. The color of the
   icon indicates the status; a green icon means an activity is scheduled in the future, a red icon
```
```suggestion
   clock. For example, the icon may appear as a phone for a phone call, a cluster of people for a
   meeting, a Gantt chart for an appraisal form to be filled out, among others. The color of the
   icon indicates the status; a green icon means an activity is scheduled in the future, and a red icon
```

   means the activity is past due. For more details on activities, refer to the
   :doc:`../productivity/discuss/overview/plan_activities` document

   .. image:: appraisals/activity-icons.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The appraisal cards with the various activity icons highlighted.

Enter a brief summary in the field, such as `Annual Appraisal for (Employee)`. Next, click the
:guilabel:`Open Calendar` button and the calendar loads. Navigate to and double click on the date
and time for the meeting, and a :guilabel:`New Event` form pops up. Make any modifications desired
to the form, such as the start and end times, or the name of the meeting. Add the person being

> appraised in the :guilabel:`Attendees` section, and include anyone ese who should be in the meeting,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appraised in the :guilabel:`Attendees` section, and include anyone else who should be in the meeting,
```

if necessary. To make the meeting a video call instead of an in-person meeting, click :guilabel:`+
Odoo meeting` and a :guilabel:`Videocall URL` link appears in the field. When done making changes to
the form, click :guilabel:`Save & Close`. The meeting now appears on the calendar, and the invited

> parties are informed via email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parties are informed via email.
```
Will they only be informed via email, or will they be informed based on their internal Odoo notification settings?

Author: I checked with a few runbots, and you only get a notification the day of the meeting, So when I scheduled one a few days out, nothing appears. When I changed the meeting to one hour from the current time, a notification on the internal Odoo alerts appears (the clock in the top right) and you see the meeting is coming up today. So I'll leave this the way it is, since they only get an email from what I can tell.

.. image:: appraisals/meeting.png
  :align: center
  :alt: The meeting form with all information entered for Ronnie Hart's annual appraisal.

The other way to schedule a meeting is to navigate to the individual appraisal form. Navigate to the
main *Appraisal* application dashboard, then click on an appraisal card. Next, click on the
:guilabel:`Meeting` smart button and the calendar loads. Follow the same directions above to create
the meeting.

.. note::

>    If no meetings are scheduled (likely) the :guilabel:`Meeting` smart button will say

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If no meetings are scheduled the :guilabel:`Meeting` smart button will say
```
I would leave the "likely" off, unless you are going to specifically list what other reasons why a meeting would be listed.

- :guilabel:`Skill`: the name of the goal.
- :guilabel:`Name` the employee the goal is assigned to.
- :guilabel:`Deadline`: the due date for the goal.
- :guilabel:`Progress`: the percentage of competency set for the goal.
- :guilabel:`Employee`: the employee icon the goal is assigned to.

If a goal is completed, a :guilabel:`Done` banner appears in the top right corner of the goal card.

.. image:: appraisals/goals.png
  :align: center
  :alt: The goals kanban view, with nine goal cards.

.. note::
   Every individual goal requires its own entry for each employee. If employees have the same goal,
   a goal card for each employee must appear on the list. For example, if both Bob and Sara have the
   same goal of `Typing`, two (2) cards appear in the kanban view, one a `Typing` goal for Bob, and
   another `Typing` goal for Sara.

New goal
--------

To create a new goal, navigate to :menuselection:`Appraisals Application --> Goals` and click
:guilabel:`New`. A blank goal form appears. Enter the information on the card. The information
requested is all the same information that appears on the :ref:`goal card <appraisals/goals>` in the

> kanabn view, with the addition of a :guilabel:`Tags` fields and a :guilabel:`Description` tab. The

Reviewer: @larm-odoo It looks like this typo didn't get resolved in the last round of edits, can you please make sure it does this time? Thanks!

current user populates the :guilabel:`Employee` field by default, and the :guilabel:`Manager` field
populates with the manager set on the employee profile. Make any changes necessary to the form, and
add any notes that may be necessary to clarify the goal in the :guilabel:`Description` tab.

.. image:: appraisals/new-goal.png
  :align: center
  :alt: A goal form filled out for a Python skill, set to 50% proficiency.

Completed goals
---------------

When a goal has been met, it is important to update the record. A goal can be marked as done in one
of two ways, from the main goals dashboard, or from the individual goal card.

> On the main goals dashboard, click on the :guilabel:`drop-down menu` in the top right of a goal card

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the main goals dashboard, click on the :guilabel:`three dots` in the top right of a goal card
```
